string: add substring method (#7425)
mesonbuild/meson: docs/markdown/Reference-manual.md

- `startswith(string)`: returns true if string starts with the string
  specified as the argument

> - `substring(start,end)`: returns a substring specified from start to end.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `substring(start,end)` *(since 0.56.0)*: returns a substring specified from start to end.
```

>   Both values are optional as 'foobar'.substring() returns 'foobar'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Both `start` and `end` arguments are optional, so, for example, `'foobar'.substring()` will return `'foobar'`.
```
